Add API Docs for 'default_forum_layout' channel data attribute (#5745)
hammerandchisel/discord-api-docs: docs/Change_Log.md

# Change Log

## Add Default Layout setting for Forum channels

#### Dec 13, 2022

> `default_forum_layout` is an optional field in the [channel object](#DOCS_RESOURCES_CHANNEL) that indicates how the threads in a [forum channel](#DOCS_TOPICS_THREADS/forums) will be displayed for users by default. Setting `default_forum_layout` requires the `MANAGE_CHANNELS` permission.

Reviewer: threads -> posts?

Author: fixed

> `default_forum_layout` is an optional field in the [channel object](#DOCS_RESOURCES_CHANNEL) that indicates how the threads in a [forum channel](#DOCS_TOPICS_THREADS/forums) will be displayed for users by default. Setting `default_forum_layout` requires the `MANAGE_CHANNELS` permission.
> 
> If `default_forum_layout` hasn't been set, its value will be `0`.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`default_forum_layout` is an optional field in the [channel object](#DOCS_RESOURCES_CHANNEL) that indicates the default layout for posts (or threads) in a [forum channel](#DOCS_TOPICS_THREADS/forums). A value of 1 (`LIST_VIEW`) indicates that posts will be displayed as a chronological list, and 2 (`GALLERY_VIEW`) indicates they will be displayed as a collection of tiles. If `default_forum_layout` hasn't been set, the value will be `0`.

Setting `default_forum_layout` requires the `MANAGE_CHANNELS` permission.
```

Reviewer 2: I'd suggest explicitly listing the possible values here—either how I included it or in a bullet list or something.
